OSDOCS-13305: update image mode docs for GA MicroShift (#92407)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-bootc-workflow.adoc

[id="microshift-install-rhel-image-mode-conc_{context}"]
= The image mode for {op-system-base} with {microshift-short} workflow

> Before using {op-system-image}, ensure that the following resources are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you use {op-system-image}, ensure that the following resources are available:
```

* A {op-system-base} {op-system-version} host with an active Red{nbsp}Hat subscription for building {microshift-short} bootc images.
* A remote registry for storing and accessing bootc images.

> * You can use {op-system-image} with a {microshift-short} cluster on AArch64 or x86_64 system architectures.

Reviewer: The third list item in this list isn't parallel with the first two items. I considered removing the "You can use" to make it parallel, but then the list item would start with a lowercase word ("image mode..."). Maybe consider revising the first two items to be parallel?
```
* You have a RHEL 9.6 host with an active Red Hat subscription for building Microshift bootc images.
* You have a remote registry for storing and accessing bootc images.
* You can use image mode for RHEL with a Microshift cluster on AArch64 or x86_64 system architectures.
```

The workflow for using {op-system-image} with {microshift-short} includes the following steps:

. Find and use a prebuilt {microshift-short} container image to install {op-system-base}.

> . Build a custom {microshift-short} container image if the prebuilt {microshift-short} container image requires customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the prebuilt {microshift-short} container image requires customization, build a custom {microshift-short} container image.
```
Tweak to place the condition before the instruction.
